Adding maintainers guidelines (#1)
jakubhajek/traefik: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Here are some guidelines that should help to start contributing to the project.

- [Submitting pull Requests](https://github.com/traefik/contributors-guide/blob/master/pr_guidelines.md)
- [Submitting issues](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/contributing/submitting-issues/)
- [Submitting security issues](docs/content/contributing/submitting-security-issues.md)

> Should you have a look at [maintainers guidelines](docs/content/contributing/maintainers-guidelines.md)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are willing to become a maintainer of the project, please take a look at the [maintainers guidelines](docs/content/contributing/maintainers-guidelines.md).
```

# Contributing

Here are some guidelines that should help to start contributing to the project.

- [Submitting pull Requests](https://github.com/traefik/contributors-guide/blob/master/pr_guidelines.md)
- [Submitting issues](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/contributing/submitting-issues/)
- [Submitting security issues](docs/content/contributing/submitting-security-issues.md)

> Should you have a look at [external maintainers guidelines](docs/content/contributing/external-maintainers-guidelines.md)?

Reviewer 2: We should remove the _external_ mention.

```suggestion
Should you have a look at [maintainers guidelines](docs/content/contributing/external-maintainers-guidelines.md)?
```
